Blue Waves Resort, situated about a mile away from Vikarabad, is a one-of-a-kind resort in Hyderabad which is built on an 8 acre land. With breathtaking views of the Hussain Sagar and the Musi River, it is a sensational destination for stay as well as for day outings. The ambience and atmosphere around our resort makes it the perfect getaway destination for holidays and weekends. With a commitment to excellence and an unwavering dedication to customer satisfaction, we strive to create cherished memories for every guest who walks through our doors. With genuine smiles and a commitment to personalized service, our team is dedicated to ensuring that your every need is met. From the moment you arrive until the time of your departure, we strive to exceed your expectations and create a truly memorable experience.Allow us to be your host and guide you on a journey of discovery, relaxation, and rejuvenation. We look forward to welcoming you to our little slice of paradise.

Our facilities include:
1. Rooms
Immerse yourself in luxury with our exquisite accommodations. From elegantly appointed suites to cozy beachfront cottages, every room is thoughtfully designed to provide utmost comfort and relaxation. We have a range of different rooms from affordable Non-A/C rooms and dormitories to suites with utmost luxury and coziness.

2. Food
Indulge your senses with our world-class food, where our talented chefs blend local flavors with international culinary expertise. From fresh seafood delicacies to tantalizing gourmet creations, our restaurants offer exquisite foods and deserts that will delight even the most discerning tastebuds. We have an online facility on our website which allows you to order food and we will serve it at your room with our rapid delivery system.

3.Spa
Pamper yourself at our luxurious spa, where skilled therapists will transport you to a world of serenity and bliss through a range of rejuvenating treatments. Engage in yoga and meditation sessions amidst the tranquil beauty of our surroundings, revitalizing your mind, body, and soul. Through our website you can easily book a slot and enjoy our magnificent treatments.

4.Wedding Convention Hall
Located on the ground floor with collapsible partitions, which can be joined into one big space for your events, the Convention Halls are the perfect choice from huge conventions to private get-togethers. Enquire and book now at our website!